there is news on the Daniel Sancho case the
same day that Rodolfo sets foot in
Thailand the prosecutor's office issues a statement accuses
Daniel of three crimes
okay the judge confirms the
police crimes and adds one more well here
instead of the judge I would say the prosecutor's office that it's not the
same that it's not the
same the WhatsApp group let's see now you
're asking me a lot but why are
n't you in the WhatsApp group
inco What's up friend I saw that you
sent me a message yesterday but I haven't been able to
open it yet man Forgive me I'm
crazy man I'm especially
crazy
eh with all the things I do every day There are
20 people left to reach 1000 in
the group eh There are 20 people left to
reach 1000 Well I don't know if anyone
will be able to Share the link there to
enter the group someone who is
please so that people enter let's
see what the prosecutor's office is asking for and
we'll see if it is Argued a little
[Music]
by well murder with
premeditation the police have concluded
Okay This  it's the
police report the police report we already
knew about a week ago I
even think that
[Music]
two this this what a
boring video I don't understand this
boring video on the tele5 page Why are
we going to see it here on yaz of hearts
three crimes what has changed let's get down to
business remind you all to subscribe okay
subscribe give me a like el sancho
And it's that we already warned that this week there was
going to be a lot of news about this
the last one was on the program and
now son soles that he had a
conversation with the Thai prosecutor and he
did a little recount of the
data that is available so far watch out
because the Thai prosecutor according to the
son soles program has
word that surprises me has ratified the
crimes that Daniel
Sancho is charged with in relation to the crime of Edwin
Arrieta But he has added a little bit more
here because we are of asking ourselves many questions
Notice that when he came out when
the police report came out we almost thought
that they had given him a little bit of
leeway to
defend himself when the police report came out he
admitted to a fight he admitted to a
fight and the  people Well I
had my doubts too no but we said
well if there is a fight then it could
be involuntary I don't know what but of course
as Trium said when
a fight happened it could easily be
a fight it could easily be an
argument then we would have to see that
translation in the police report they
also ruled out the issue of the knife
from the stabbing because they
couldn't prove that okay I don't remember what else
but there were two or three things in the
police report that Daniel's lawyer
wanted to hold on to and it seemed
like they had given a little more
play not to the Spanish lawyer not to
Daniel's lawyer but you see you see
that the translation would not be very
exact when now based on that
police report the prosecutor's office charged
Daniel Sancho with three crimes questions we
are going to ask ourselves how It is logical what is
a prosecutor doing talking about this whole
case more and when the
final police report that will arrive
on Friday has not been issued we are going to analyze everything the
last hour we
start
[Music]
Javi can you put the link please let's see
I'm going to put it wait a second I'm going to
put it because you are asking me
but I have  that go to the phone to put it to
see give me a
second give me a
second that I go to telesalseo and I'll put it for you
okay I'll put it in the
chat there Yes can you put the link please I'll put it
in the chat there one second I'm going to
put it
but I have to go to the phone to put it it does
n't
come up one second Wait I have to
put it with the account because if not I'll
catch it as spam
Oh I'm going I'm going I'm going to put it in the chat right now
Wait that I go to telesalseo and I'll
put it for you okay I'll put it
in the chat there you have it Okay
now if it appears look at it there you
have it pinned okay There you have it pinned
okay our WhatsApp group is there
all the time well all the
time I'm laughing because I'm not
saying many things no but well there are
few people yet as
people enter then I'll be more
animated more active okay but basically
it's to say Hey I'm here I'm going to
do a live put it or say Hey
tonight I don't know I'm going to upload a photo
on Instagram and I'll talk to you on
[Music]
There you can hear the sound of the
video we're
watching. Well, the report will arrive on
Thursday, okay, but it will arrive
a little on Friday. I'll be attentive to
see a little bit about what information
comes out, eh. Because, well, in principle, we wo
n't reach the deadline
imposed. Listen,
I'm hearing it badly, man,
the speaker is a little broken. I don't know,
honestly, I got a little bit confused.
The prosecutor spoke in some statements
about the crimes that
Rodolfo Sancho's son would have to face. I
want to remind you that he is going to be
flanked by his family, specifically
by his parents, and also by the
lawyer Marcos García Montes. Guarantees.
Well, here, as always, we're going
to ask questions. And of course, we'll
have our doubts. This
gentleman has a clear resolution, which
surprises me because he has already returned, at
least once we know the
report, which was the word that they
used in this program, the crimes
of premeditated murder and
concealment of the body. This is already,
there is no more, in other words, to discuss
that, in other words, premeditated murder and
concealment of the body.
body What is the
doubt What is the doubt
eh For me here perhaps the
only thing that can be tried to defend is the
premeditation, it is not that the knives and
the things that they bought, he bought them because
he is a cook, come on, okay, but
the body is there, he
dismembered it, that is not going to have any way of being
accepted in any way, eh I mean, I do
n't know what he will use to try to
defend the dismembering of a body, I
think that he would try to cheer up an outbreak
of Mental Health, I don't know what,
eh But that is not going to work, that is not going to
stick, that is not going to work, we already knew about it since the
Big joke press conference in August, the surprise
is that it has been announced that
a third crime has been added, a third crime that is
very suspicious to me. Now we will analyze
the three of them, point by point, but it is
about Daniel Sancho having
taken the victim's documentation,
where would he have taken it? HM, let
's analyze that because really, eh.
Anyway, the defense is going to have to be
alert with this new information, eh. And at the
last minute, they have balls, eh. Because,
well, H, these aspects when it comes to
reduce the sentence Well if they were already
working against the clock imagine now
the work that will accumulate for them by the
time there is a trial
and when the judge has the report in his
possession which he doesn't have yet eh Well
that will be the moment in which and when it is
delivered to the judge a
video conference will be estimated eh with the judge
and as an
appearance he will have to also testify
in the Courts he has already done so on several
occasions eh Not only by
video conference but there have been
several occasions in which Daniel has
left prison to meet with
the judge
eh it will be part of the proceedings that are carried
out not before a trial there
therefore he leaves the Cos
mu prison says Marcela Yes of course you travel to another
part of the planet to buy knives
to cook a potato omelette
Marcela obviously we all
think the same but I'm telling you
that of the things that Daniel is accused of it
is the only thing for which I see
a hint of probability that they
can defend him because in the end the
fact that you buy a knife you are a
cook you go to ions you are buying you
are buying food also let's see what  I'm
telling you. So maybe it works or it doesn't, I do
n't know how they work there
in Thailand, but for example, here in
Spain, as far as I
understand, in order to be convicted, in order to be
convicted for something especially so
strong, it can't be white and in a bottle, it's not that it's
white and in a bottle, it's not that it's
worth it, there has to be
irrefutable proof that this is this, you
know, then of course, if they have an
argument to justify,
uh, to justify the purchase of all
those things, the supermarkets and dismantling, it's
not that these bags are these, I don't
know how much could be accepted, but
I don't know to what
extent it would reduce the sentence if it was
premeditated or
not, I don't know to what
extent, but I don't think it will work either,
obviously, I'm telling you that it's
the only thing, that's not one of the
three things, which is the only thing they can
try to fight,
fight it, no,
uh, but what is it? You'll see, yes, I
agree with you,
Marcela, and well, since he bought the
murder kit, you will receive a little bit of the
sentence, let's go with the three crimes that they are
accused of, okay, the first crime is
premeditation, something for which  the defense has
already made public a report a
report that I imagine will not be the
only one I of the interview of Carmen
balfagón that Axel did Well, I
infer quite a few things among them that it
will not be the the only ace up their sleeve
that they have regarding This for me is a
report the issue is more than outdated already
Javi No Daniel No there is still a long way to go
this will be done this Friday well Thursday
Friday the official report will come out eh I don't
know how much time they had I think it was
a few months to give a
trial date well and and once the trial comes out There is
still a little bit left There is still
a little bit of controversy and of course as
much as you want to downplay it and and Well
above all that at the end What are they going to
put in is there compensation There is not Well in
this sense
explanations will have to be given I think things
are not as easy as
the police have made them seem and it is
curious that being premeditated they
talk about in that report at least in the
last one that we had of a fight between
them and in the sense that in that
fight is when Edwin Arrieta falls falls and
hits himself  lababo This thing about
the fight could easily be what
Trium was saying, a fight that you're
calling me a fight because a fight
can be called a fight, an argument,
so there, uh, there the translation could
play tricks on us and that we
thought that it was referring to a
physical fight and that it was a. Well, a fight, an
argument, this if we eat a
little bit the confession that Daniel Sancho made,
which at this point I think is more
than called into question by everything
we've seen and above all, uh, Well,
the business of selling images of a
police reconstruction, uh, to different
media, no, this can now be discussed clearly, well, we're
talking
clearly, the next crime for which he is
accused is concealment of the body,
concealment of the body, we
also understand that there is part of that confession
where we saw the refrigerator because of course,
apart from that, it's also true
in his own confession, he recognizes that he
had an
argument and the one who started it. In any case,
the aggression is already him, you know, and I don't think
that the other did much in a
physical fight. I don't think that the other did
much, objectively speaking, objectively speaking,
that's not  It was not the
refrigerator where Daniel
Sancho is supposed to have hidden those parts and
later everything we know with
the kayak and everything else, the landfill
and the sea, in short, all that story that is
supported by what the
witnesses have said, the local witnesses, well,
with everything that we have brought out
here on this channel, I would put it in
quarantine, but I would do that, eh, I no longer
know to what extent
this can be sustained, the credibility of and the
veracity of these testimonies, which
I also do not believe, well, they were
made in a casual manner or
contributing to the cause or helping the
police. Well, yes, perhaps helping the
police. Yes, how. Well, the 120 m of
plastic film that he bought, I would like to see
how the defense justifies it,
like 120 m, how much is the normal amount that you
get in a roll? How much is the normal amount
that you get when you buy a roll of film?
And how much is it, could you tell me or do we have to
look at it?
eh, let's
see, I don't know why he puts it by the
kilo, let's
see, this, this commercial, who is the one that
I typically used in the
factory, is good for work.  He says he brings
about
300m, that is, 30 Met brings the roll. The
normal one that is bought to
have it in the kitchen,
eh, of course, I mean, he bought four, five
packs, he bought four, five packs.
We're
talking about a
job here, the media has also done because, hey, person
who was on the island, person
who
had different testimonies about Daniel
Sancho, all the witnesses are going to appear,
even those who spoke about Daniel
Sancho having been seen with third
parties, unknown men that we
still don't know who they are, well there
could also be one of the
keys to the defense. And finally, we go
with this that m but it's that I also don't know to
what extent that will be of use to him.
Honestly, I mean, I don't know to what extent it
could be of use to him. 80m from
Mercadona, of course, Nector is considering the
possibility that maybe
the rolls are there, so they have 60 and he already bought
a couple. So that wouldn't be a
crazy thing either, I mean, if you
bought a couple of rolls of
Fil, maybe it's not crazy either,
look, he buys a couple of rolls for
take my food to the beach I don't know I don't
know the truth Let's see we all think the
same but in the end it's the debate that they're
going to have in the trial I found it
quite funny Daniel Sancho
hid the documentation it's not the third
crime that I don't know what crime
exactly it is hiding the documentation I mean it
could be something of obstructing justice
or hiding evidence or something like that
Daniel Sancho had the
documentation with him Maybe that happened
after having had
and that conversation with the Dewin
Arrieta family from Colombia eh it was Daniel
Sancho with that documentation to the
police to say Hey have you seen
this person Of course this catches my
attention they say or hide
documentation but of course It's that here they have
mentioned the documentation and I
took this image
why hide documentation and not theft of
money I ask because a figure was mentioned
Then it was another much lower What
happened with all that eh It catches my attention it
catches my attention not the issue of
hiding documentation it could be great for
them the fact that Daniel Sancho
had Edwin Arrieta's documentation with him
supposedly because here
I don't Let's see it's a matter of being
skeptical  and asking questions, to
me, the issue of hiding the
documentation, we could talk a little
about the issue of why one was said
because five figures were said at
first and then there were four. Okay,
so, I see the issue of why
five figures were said and then there were four as
very simple, I mean, that's where I see it, eh,
I see it as a lack of
information from the press and the creation of
sensationalist and erroneous headlines. No, I do
n't see any more of that. Okay, one second, he
wrote to me. Well, he wrote to me, he didn't
send me an audio, Trium. I'm going to listen to it
and we'll see the last video.
Okay, he's
almost certainly going to face the death penalty.
Well, I
see it, I see it as quite probable, the
truth is, I see it as quite probable, the
truth is.